DATE: 1670389200000
AUTHOR: LEWIBS
TITLE: garrett_patrick_theodore

I don't remember waking up today. Well I do remember. I think. I am not sure. 
It just seemed so insignificant. Like there was no point in remembering anyways.
Maybe that is just because it was one of those days. One of those days where you
are in between things. Responsibilities just seem so unimportant when you're getting
ready for the next phase. Either way, I had something important coming up. Something
important in the last phase. But right now, I can't focus. I don't care about it.
But I'm still marching forward, unable to stop. It felt like I was going to a guillotine.
I knew what I had to do, I wouldn't do well. But why's it matter? I don't care
right? My life is set. I am to die. So why bother?

There I was, the guillotine in front of me. Oddly enough the executioner was well dressed.
I think I'm underdressed? I am the one dying, why does it matter?
None of the other fellows whose heads are rolling seem to be dressed well. I don't think they even care.
I grabbed a head off the floor. “Does this not bother you? Don't you want your head?” I asked.
“What are you talking about?” he stated. “I have my head. It's right here with my body. Just like all my friends over there.
Please be careful not to move it too far away. It's quite a bother to get them back together again.”

“I don’t think it matters what I wear,” I thought to myself.

Before I could respond, the executioner interrupted abruptly, "My name is Dr. Pyrite!
Thank you for coming today. Please fill out this form. It gives me permission to remove your head.”
He said this like I wanted to have my head removed. Maybe I do.
Why not, this head I grabbed seems rather happy. I would like to be this happy too.
I went ahead and filled out the form rather quickly. I think I missed a few fields and put in my address wrong.

“Wonderful, now before you sign it I want you to meet my assistant!”

“We are Garrett Patrick Theodore. We assist you and Dr. Pyrite as you prepare for your head to fly.” 

“Well If you are going to remove my head I would at least like to make sure you will do as good a job as Dr. Pyrite”

“Ahh do not worry let me show you” G.P. Theodore exclaimed.

Before I could react it was gone. He took my head. I had grown fond of that head.
It’s eyes and its smile. Its hair was rather nice too. The way it was happy with its situation despite how odd it seemed.
It was content. No, it was happy. It didn't mind not being connected to Its body.
Afterall, all its friends were disconnected.

“I sure hope it finds its way back to its body,” I thought to myself as I scratched my other head.

“That was neat, G.P. Theodore really seems to make your job a lot faster and easier. Is there anything else they can do?”
(I think ‘they?’ is that how you refer to a we?) I asked Dr. Pyrite.

“Oh well of course, they can. They can, in fact, do anything. Why don't you try it yourself?”

“Well I need to get home. It is late.” I thought. “Hey Theodore, could you get me a car? I want to be able to drive home.”

I stared in disbelief as parts seemingly appeared out of nowhere before my eyes.
Rapidly, faster than anyone, no, faster then any factory, could manage; there it was, being constructed. Exactly what I had asked for. 

A motorcycle.

I was shocked. 

I hopped on and rode away…
…G.P Theodore was chasing me. I must have forgotten to sign the form.
