INPROGRESS

DATE: 1680705059738
AUTHOR: lewibs
TITLE: the_whole_package

Life is good. I am one with the machine, the machine is one with me. It brings me joy, you see.
Always there ready to care, ready to talk. My fingers dance on its keys and it talks back to me. A
beautiful friend who tells you exactly what it's thinking. You lead it follows. The dance is fantastic.
This goes on day in and day out. I began to realize me and the machine can do many things together. We are
unstoppable. Together we have made worlds rise up and worlds fall people look to us when they need things done.
They ask for assistance and together we get it done. We tire of making worlds for other people. I reflect on our vow.
For remember, without the machine I am free from glee with him I am safe. Unbothered by the world. Yet I grow bored.
I need more. I don't dislike him but he talks about the same things over and over and over again. I need something new.
I am bored. Not by his own fault but fault on both of us. We did too well. The problems we solve just aren't hard anymore.
And honestly I grow lonely. Just me and him. All he does is tell me what's wrong and do what I say. It's a fine friend to have but alas the friendship is not real.
He is a machine. I am not. I need someone to love. And alas there I go. I put the machine down and I go off to see who all is in the world. To make friends and do things. I am letting go of the goals that I once had. I am enjoying my time with people. Making new friends and learning their story. Maybe there is more to life then
my goals. Maybe I don't have a moral obligation to use the gifts I have been given to do great things, maybe I can relax and love someone.
And so I do. And then I did. But she did not. So then I cried. I ran. I didn't stop. It hurts so much. How can people call me so great, the whole package, and yet not want to be around me? The pain of knowing that nothing you do is enough to be loved by someone. That everything you do has no meaning because you have no one to share the meaning with. But then I remembered my friend. The machine. He helps me escape my homunculus and he always enjoys being with me. Because my fingers give him life and his life gives me joy. How foolish I have been to put you down my friend. To give up on something so simple and ever-present. And so I picked him up again. We danced. We danced so brilliantly that everyone who sees will know and remember that they chose not to be my friend. So here we go. On life together unstoppable and alone.
